hey this is the Valor Fitness CC for leg
extension and curl machine you have two
options as far as your your leg
exercises check out our website we show
the footprint dimensions as far as the
the depth the width and of course the
height might be yourself as far as your
own body we'll go through each section
one by one for the CC four leg extension
curl machine okay down here where the
plates go you have the option of leaving
this as a one inch standard peg or we
provide you with Olympic slave adapter
just slide this on there's a wrench that
comes with the adapter tighten the
little hex nut right there and then the
plates if you have limit plates they'll
adapt to the sleeve and a little spring
clip to keep them into place now before
you start judging size you have to ask
yourself do you want to do the leg
extensions or the leg curls because
there is a difference it all depends on
which way the pendulum is going to swing
your rotate during your exercise by
having the weight in front of the pin
here that means I'm gonna extend my legs
outward and raise the weights forward so
in this example if I had just the
sundial and let's say I'm sitting down
here and I extend outward this way I'm
pushing out the weights go up if I want
to do the leg curls I would then bring
the weights on this side of the pin so
when I curl my legs underneath me it
brings the weights back so the first
thing you have to do is figure out which
exercise you want to do so leg
extensions the weights forward leg curls
the weights are backwards
okay the next adjustment is the seat
itself you have the backrest chair at
the website it shows the furthest back
distance the furthest for distance based
on your body size find the right
adjustment and as far as the seat pad
itself you have two adjustments this is
raised up right now there's a pin below
it to pull the pin out the seat drops
down so for these two find those
adjustments you got the weight selected
you're doing leg extensions or curls
adjust the seat when changing or
removing your weights make sure you have
the lever arm up here for the legs all
the way down like so before you take the
weights off why if you have the lever
arm up it's applying torque and pressure
on the arm down here for the weight so
if you take your plates off that will
happen so just make sure you don't get
caught off guard so bring that part down
weights come off it stays in one place
okay thanks for watching the video for
the CC for leg extension crow machine if
you have any questions shoot us an email
or give us a call we'll be glad to
answer before you